  * 2014-10-06: REST Assured [http://dl.bintray.com/johanhaleby/generic/rest-assured-2.3.4-dist.zip 2.3.4] is released with bug fixes and improvements. See [https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jayway/rest-assured/master/changelog.txt change log] for details.
  * 2014-08-29: REST Assured [http://dl.bintray.com/johanhaleby/generic/rest-assured-2.3.3-dist.zip 2.3.3] is released with support for cross-site request forgery (CSRF) prevention when using form authentication as well as other fixes and improvements. See [https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jayway/rest-assured/master/changelog.txt change log] for details.
  * 2014-06-09: REST Assured [http://dl.bintray.com/johanhaleby/generic/rest-assured-2.3.2-dist.zip 2.3.2] is released with support for [Usage#Proxy_Configuration simplified proxy configuration], better [Usage#Root_path root path support], [Usage#Logging logging] of form authentication and multipart parameters, ability to replace statically defined [Usage#Filters filters] as well as other fixes and improvements. See [https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jayway/rest-assured/master/changelog.txt change log] for more info on what has changed in this release.
  * 2014-05-14: REST Assured was presented at [http://2014.geecon.org/ Geecon] in Krakow.
  * 2014-03-31: REST Assured [http://dl.bintray.com/johanhaleby/generic/rest-assured-2.3.1-dist.zip 2.3.1] is released with support for [Usage#Log_if_validation_fails logging if validation fails], [Usage#Root_path root detach] as well as bug fixes and other improvements. See [https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jayway/rest-assured/master/changelog.txt change log] for more info on what has changed in this release.
  * 2014-02-06: REST Assured will be presented at [http://2014.geecon.org/ Geecon] in Krakow in May.
  * 2014-01-23: REST Assured [http://dl.bintray.com/johanhaleby/generic/rest-assured-2.3.0-dist.zip 2.3.0] is released with support for [Usage#SSL relaxed https validation], using a response to [Usage#Use_the_response_to_verify_other_parts_of_the_response verify other parts of the response], Spring MVC [Usage#Spring_MVC_Authentication authentication] as well as various bug fixes and improvements. See [ReleaseNotes23 release notes] for more info on what has changed in this release.
  * 2014-01-14: Johan blogs about the [Usage#Spring_Mock_Mvc_Module Spring MockMvc] support in version 2.2.0 at the [http://www.jayway.com/2014/01/14/unit-testing-spring-mvc-controllers-with-rest-assured/ Jayway team blog].
  * 2014-01-08: REST Assured [https://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-2.2.0-dist.zip 2.2.0] is released with support for unit testing Spring Mvc controllers using the new [Usage#Spring_Mock_Mvc_Module spring-mock-mvc] module. There's also support for [Usage#OAuth OAuth 2] using the [https://github.com/fernandezpablo85/scribe-java Scribe] framework as well as various bug fixes and improvements. See [ReleaseNotes22 release notes] for more info on what has changed in this release.
  * 2013-12-10: Johan blogs about the [https://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#JSON_Schema_validation JSON schema] support in version 2.1.0 at the [http://www.jayway.com/2013/12/10/json-schema-validation-with-rest-assured/ Jayway team blog].
  * 2013-12-09: REST Assured [https://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-2.1.0-dist.zip 2.1.0] is released with support for [https://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#JSON_Schema_validation JSON Schema Validation], better [https://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#SSL_Config SSL configuration] support, easier [https://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#SSL_invalid_hostname configuration] of invalid hostnames for SSL sites and ability to mix path and full body assertions. See [GettingStarted getting started] page for details on how to get started and see [ReleaseNotes21 release notes] for more info on what has changed in this release.
  * 2013-11-29: REST Assured [https://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-2.0.1-dist.zip 2.0.1] is released that addresses a bug in the 2.0 release that caused `extract` to fail after body assertions.
  * 2013-11-29: Johan blogs about the updated syntax in release 2.0 at the [http://www.jayway.com/2013/11/29/rest-assured-2-0-testing-your-rest-services-is-easier-than-ever/ Jayway team blog].
  * 2013-11-29: REST Assured [https://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-2.0.0-dist.zip 2.0.0] is released with an updated syntax, `given`-`when`-`then` (see [https://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#Extracting_values_from_the_Response_after_validation here] for an example). This release also fixes some regression bugs found in version 1.9.0. See [GettingStarted getting started] page for details on how to get started and see [ReleaseNotes20 release notes] for more info on what has changed in this release.
  * 2013-11-25: REST Assured [https://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-1.9.0-dist.zip 1.9.0] is released with support for configuring the [https://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#HTTP_Client_Config HTTP Client instance],  change default [https://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#Decoder_Config content decoders] (Accept-Encoders), `htmlPath` support for [https://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#Single_path single path] expressions, [https://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#XML_namespaces namespace] support, [https://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#XPath XPath] namespace support, [https://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#Session_Filter reusable session] support as well as many other features and bug fixes. See [GettingStarted getting started] page for details on how to get started and see [ReleaseNotes19 release notes] for more info.
  * 2013-06-07: REST Assured [https://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-1.8.1-dist.zip 1.8.1] is released with bug fixes and updates. See [http://github.com/jayway/rest-assured/raw/master/changelog.txt change log] for details.
  * 2013-04-12: Johan blogs about the new release of REST Assured 1.8.0 at the [http://www.jayway.com/2013/04/12/whats-new-in-rest-assured-1-8/ Jayway team blog].
  * 2013-04-03: REST Assured was presented at the [https://2013.con-fess.com/sessions/-/details/60/Do-you-REST-Assured Confess 2013] conference in Vienna. 
  * 2013-04-01: REST Assured [https://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-1.8.0-dist.zip 1.8.0] is released! Major changes internally has made it possible to extract [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/svn/tags/1.8.0/apidocs/com/jayway/restassured/path/xml/XmlPath.html XmlPath] and [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/svn/tags/1.8.0/apidocs/com/jayway/restassured/path/json/JsonPath.html JsonPath] to their own projects! This mean that you can use them without depending on REST Assured. There have also been major improvements to both XmlPath and JsonPath which includes the ability to configure deserializers, charset etc. See [GettingStarted getting started] page for details on how to get started and see [ReleaseNotes18 release notes] for more info.
  * 2012-12-15: REST Assured [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-1.7.2.zip 1.7.2] is released with some minor bug fixes and support for printing all errors at once if a test fails. See [http://github.com/jayway/rest-assured/raw/master/changelog.txt change log] for details.
  * 2012-12-13: REST Assured will be presented at the [https://2013.con-fess.com/sessions/-/details/60/Do-you-REST-Assured Confess 2013] conference in Vienna in the beginning of April 2013. 
  * 2012-11-14: REST Assured was presented at the [http://www.devoxx.com/display/DV12/Do+you+REST+Assured Devoxx] conference in Antwerp. 
  * 2012-11-11: REST Assured [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-1.7.1.zip 1.7.1] is released with bug fixes found in the 1.7 release. See [http://github.com/jayway/rest-assured/raw/master/changelog.txt change log] for details.
  * 2012-10-11: REST Assured [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-1.7.zip 1.7] is released with many updates including [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#Configuration object mapper configuration], [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#Custom custom object mappers], [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#Connection_Config connection configuration], support for the PATCH and OPTIONS verb and [http://github.com/jayway/rest-assured/raw/master/changelog.txt more]! You must also [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-dependencies.zip download] the updated dependencies if you're not using Maven. See [ReleaseNotes17 release notes] for more info.
  * 2012-09-20: REST Assured will be presented at the [http://www.devoxx.com/display/DV12/Do+you+REST+Assured Devoxx] conference in Antwerp. 
  * 2012-06-26: REST Assured was presented at the [http://jazoon.com/ Jazoon conference] in Zürich, Switzerland.
  * 2012-05-29: REST Assured [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-1.6.2.zip 1.6.2] is released with bugs fixes and support object serialization in multi-part file uploads. See [http://github.com/jayway/rest-assured/raw/master/changelog.txt change log] for details.  
  * 2012-04-16: REST Assured was presented at the [http://www.scandevconf.se/ Scandinavian Developer Conference].
  * 2012-04-05: REST Assured [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-1.6.1.zip 1.6.1] is released with bugs fixes and better support for specifying [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#Session_support session id's]. See [http://github.com/jayway/rest-assured/raw/master/changelog.txt change log] for details.  
  * 2012-03-29: REST Assured will be presented at the [http://jazoon.com/2012/ Jazoon conference] in Zürich, Switzerland.
  * 2012-02-18: REST Assured [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-1.6.zip 1.6] is released with many updates including much improved HTML validation, pretty-printing of request and response body, improved charset handling, [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#No-value_parameter no-value parameters], [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#Encoder_Config encoder configuration], [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#Decoder_Config decoder configuration] and more! This release is not 100% backward compatible so see [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/ReleaseNotes16 release notes] before updating. You must also [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-dependencies.zip download] the updated dependencies.
  * 2011-12-20: REST Assured [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-1.5.zip 1.5] is released with better [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#Logging logging support], [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#Detailed_configuration detailed configuration], [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#Response_Builder a response builder] and more! To allow for the new logging features this release is not 100% backward compatible. See [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/ReleaseNotes15 release notes] for details.
  * 2011-11-22: REST Assured will be presented at the [http://www.scandevconf.se/ Scandinavian Developer Conference] on the [http://www.scandevconf.se/2012/conference/detailed-program/ 16th of April] 2012.
  * 2011-11-08: REST Assured [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-1.4.5.zip 1.4.5] is released with support for [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#Multi-value_headers_and_cookies multi-value headers and cookies], parsing [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#Detailed_Cookies detailed cookies], serializing a java object to a [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#Content-Type_based_Serialization form parameter] and more! To allow for multi-value header parsing this release is not 100% backward compatible. See [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/ReleaseNotes145 release notes] for details.
  * 2011-10-27: Micha Kops has created an excellent blog and example application of how to use REST Assured. You can read it [http://www.hascode.com/2011/10/testing-restful-web-services-made-easy-using-the-rest-assured-framework/ here].
  * 2011-10-09: Blog about parsing and validation of complex JSON and XML documents using REST Assured at the [http://blog.jayway.com/2011/10/09/simple-parsing-of-complex-json-and-xml-documents-in-java/ Jayway team blog].  
  * 2011-10-07: REST Assured [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-1.4.zip 1.4] is released with support for [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#Object_Mapping Object Mapping], setting a [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#Default_parser default parser], updates to [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/svn/tags/1.4/apidocs/com/jayway/restassured/path/xml/XmlPath.html XmlPath] and [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/svn/tags/1.4/apidocs/com/jayway/restassured/path/json/JsonPath.html JsonPath], [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#Single_path single-path response option] and more! See [http://github.com/jayway/rest-assured/raw/master/changelog.txt change log] for details.
  * 2011-09-20: REST Assured [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-1.3.1.zip 1.3.1] is released with improved XML parsing using [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/svn/tags/1.3.1/apidocs/com/jayway/restassured/path/xml/XmlPath.html XmlPath] and support for passing in Object to parameter methods. See [http://github.com/jayway/rest-assured/raw/master/changelog.txt change log] for details. 
  * 2011-09-15: Blog about the multi-part form data file uploading can be read at the [http://blog.jayway.com/2011/09/15/multipart-form-data-file-uploading-made-simple-with-rest-assured/ Jayway team blog].  
  * 2011-09-15: REST Assured is presented at the [http://telecomcity.org/hem/devcon11.aspx DevCon 2011] conference in Karlskrona, Sweden.
  * 2011-09-05: REST Assured [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-1.3.zip 1.3] is released with support for [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage?ts=1315249915&updated=Usage#Multi-part_form_data multi-part form data uploading], improved XML and JSON parsing and various bug fixes. If you're not using Maven you need to re-download the [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-legacy-dependencies.zip third-party dependencies] to allow for multi-part form data uploading. See [http://github.com/jayway/rest-assured/raw/master/changelog.txt change log] for details.
  * 2011-08-18: REST Assured [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-1.2.3.zip 1.2.3] is released with support for [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage?ts=1313681391&updated=Usage#Path_arguments path arguments], disabling of [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage?ts=1313681391&updated=Usage#URL_Encoding URL encoding] as well as bug fixes and other smaller features. See [http://github.com/jayway/rest-assured/raw/master/changelog.txt change log] for details.
  * 2011-06-28: REST Assured [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-1.2.2.zip 1.2.2] is released with explicit form parameter support, [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#Path_parameters path parameters], better [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#SSL SSL support] and more! See [http://github.com/jayway/rest-assured/raw/master/changelog.txt change log] for details.
  * 2011-06-04: Some of the new features in REST Assured are presented at the Jayway [http://blog.jayway.com/2011/06/04/is-your-rest-assured/ blog].
  * 2011-05-23: REST Assured [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-1.2.1.zip 1.2.1] is released with some improvements and fixes. See [http://github.com/jayway/rest-assured/raw/master/changelog.txt change log] for details.
  * 2011-05-22: REST Assured [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-1.2.zip 1.2] is released with support for form authentication, [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#Filters filters], [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#Logging logging], and more! See [http://github.com/jayway/rest-assured/raw/master/changelog.txt change log] for details.
  * 2011-04-26: REST Assured [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-1.1.7.zip 1.1.7] is released with support for multi-value parameters and form/query parameter separation when using POST. See [http://github.com/jayway/rest-assured/raw/master/changelog.txt change log] for details.
  * 2011-03-29: REST Assured [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-1.1.6.zip 1.1.6] is released and fixes a bug with the preemptive basic authentication.
  * 2011-03-29: Presentation from [http://www.jayway.com Jayway]'s K-Helg is [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-khelg-2011.pdf online].
  * 2011-03-28: REST Assured [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-1.1.5.zip 1.1.5] is released with bug fixes, preemptive authentication, setting [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#Root_path root path], [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/wiki/Usage#Specification_Re-use reusing specifications] and more. See [http://github.com/jayway/rest-assured/raw/master/changelog.txt change log] for details.  
  * 2011-03-04: REST Assured [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-1.1.2.zip 1.1.2] is released with bug fixes and possibility to get status code and status line from the [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/svn/tags/1.1.5/apidocs/com/jayway/restassured/response/Response.html Response] object. See [http://github.com/jayway/rest-assured/raw/master/changelog.txt change log] for details.
  * 2011-03-02: REST Assured [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-1.1.1.zip 1.1.1] is released with possibility to verify XML response bodies against an XSD or DTD as well as getting headers and cookies from the [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/svn/tags/1.1.5/apidocs/com/jayway/restassured/response/Response.html Response] object. See [http://github.com/jayway/rest-assured/raw/master/changelog.txt change log] and [Usage usage guide] for details.
  * 2011-02-18: REST Assured [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-1.1.zip 1.1] is released with many new features and fixes. Upgrading is _highly_ recommend! Please see the [ReleaseNotes11 release notes] for more info.
  * 2011-01-17: REST Assured [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-1.0.3.zip 1.0.3] is released with various bug fixes and ability to return the response body as string or byte array.
  * 2011-01-12: REST Assured [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-1.0.2.zip 1.0.2] is released which allows XML and JSON parsing for many additional content types.
  * 2010-12-27: REST Assured is presented at the Jayway [http://blog.jayway.com/2010/12/27/rest-assured-or-how-to-easily-test-rest-services-in-java/ blog].
  * 2010-12-27: REST Assured [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-1.0.1.zip 1.0.1] is released with better Javadoc and an interface for authentication.
  * 2010-12-24: REST Assured [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/files/rest-assured-1.0.zip 1.0] is released.