= Release Notes for REST Assured 1.8.0 =

== Highlights ==
  * [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/svn/tags/1.8.0/apidocs/com/jayway/restassured/path/xml/XmlPath.html XmlPath] and [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/svn/tags/1.8.0/apidocs/com/jayway/restassured/path/json/JsonPath.html JsonPath] have been extracted to their own projects which means that you can use them without depending on REST Assured. See the [GettingStarted getting started] page for more details on how to start using them.
  * Both XmlPath and JsonPath can now be configured independently. For example you can config custom object serializers and charset etc. JsonPath example:

    {{{
    JsonPath jsonPath = new JsonPath(SOME_JSON).using(new JsonPathConfig("UTF-8"));
    }}}

    It's also possible to configure JsonPath and XmlPath statically:

    {{{
    JsonPath.config = new JsonPathConfig("UTF-8");
    }}}

    See [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/svn/tags/1.8.0/apidocs/com/jayway/restassured/path/json/config/JsonPathConfig.html JsonPathConfig] and [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/svn/tags/1.8.0/apidocs/com/jayway/restassured/path/xml/config/XmlPathConfig.html XmlPathConfig] for more details.

== Non-backward compatible changes ==
  * Third party dependencies have been updated, download the corresponding distribution zip file from the [http://code.google.com/p/rest-assured/downloads/list download page].
  * `com.jayway.restassured.exception.ParsePathException` was renamed to `com.jayway.restassured.exception.PathException`
  * JsonPath now throws `JsonPathException` instead of Groovy's `JsonException` when parsing invalid JSON documents
  * XmlPath now throws `XmlPathException` instead of `PathException` when parsing invalid malformed XML documents
  * [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/svn/tags/1.8.0/apidocs/com/jayway/restassured/mapper/ObjectMapperDeserializationContext.html ObjectMapperDeserializationContext]#getResponse() has been renamed to "getDataToDeserialize()". It no longer returns an instance of `ResponseBodyData`, it now returns an instance of [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/svn/tags/1.8.0/apidocs/com/jayway/restassured/mapper/DataToDeserialize.html DataToDeserialize].

== Other notable changes ==
  * Fixed so that it's possible to download large (chunked) files again. This was broken in the last release, 1.6.2. (issue 194).
  * Added a [http://rest-assured.googlecode.com/svn/tags/1.7/apidocs/com/jayway/restassured/config/ConnectionConfig.html ConnectionConfig] object that allows you to modify if REST Assured should drop idle connections after each response. Enable connection dropping if you need to make several small and fast requests (e.g. stress testing).

== Minor changes ==
See [http://github.com/jayway/rest-assured/raw/master/changelog.txt change log] for more details