= Release Notes for REST Assured 1.9.0 =

== Highlights ==
  * It's now possible to configure content decoders. Before GZIP and DEFLATE were always activated and there was no way to disable them. For example to remove GZIP but retain DEFLATE you can do the following:
   {{{
given().config(newConfig().decoderConfig(decoderConfig().contentDecoders(DEFLATE))). ..
   }}}
  * Added method `htmlPath` to REST Assured Response which allows you to easily get values from an HTML page:
    {{{
String pageTitle = get("/index.html").htmlPath().getString("html.head.title");
    }}}
  * URL encoding (and disabling of URL encoding) has been completely re-written and will now work better
  * It's now possible to use the Hamcrest XPath matcher with namespaces if XmlConfig in REST Assured is configured to be namespace aware, e.g.
    {{{
 given().
          config(newConfig().xmlConfig(xmlConfig().with().namespaceAware(true))).
 expect().
          body(hasXPath("/db:package-database", namespaceContext)).
 when().
          get("/package-db-xml");
    }}}
  * Added namespace support for body expectations if the namespace is declared correctly, for example given the following XML:
    {{{
 <foo xmlns:ns="http://localhost/">
    <bar>sudo </bar>
    <ns:bar>make me a sandwich!</ns:bar>
 </foo>
    }}}
  you can verify it like this:
  {{{
given().
          config(newConfig().xmlConfig(xmlConfig().declareNamespace("ns", "http://localhost/"))).
expect().
          body("bar.text()", equalTo("sudo make me a sandwich!")).
          body(":bar.text()", equalTo("sudo ")).
          body("ns:bar.text()", equalTo("make me a sandwich!")).
when().
          get("/namespace-example");
  }}}
== Non-backward compatible changes ==
  * RestAssuredConfig no longer accepts a JsonPathConfig, it now uses a JsonConfig object instead.
  * Getting cookies as a Map now returns the last value returned instead of the first one if multiple cookies with the same name are sent from the server to comply with the HTTP specification

== Other notable changes ==
  * Fixed issues that made an incorrect port being used under certain conditions
  * Namespaces are now included when pretty printing or logging XML.
  * XmlPath returned from REST Assured Response now takes features, namespaces, charset etc into account.
  * Added ability to supply an XmlPathConfig instance when using the xmlPath() method from a REST Assured Response object. For example:
    {{{
XmlPath xmlPath = get("/namespace-example").xmlPath(xmlPathConfig().with().declaredNamespace("ns", "http://localhost/"));
    }}}
  * Added ability to supply a JsonPathConfig instance when using the jsonPath() method from a REST Assured Response object. For example:
    {{{
JsonPath jsonPath = get("/namespace-example").jsonPath(jsonPathConfig().with().numberReturnType(BIG_DECIMAL));
    }}}

== Minor changes ==
  * Fixed an issue where multi-valued query parameters defined in the URL now works. For example `get("/x?y=1&y=2")`
  * Improved request logging so that query parameters are included in the complete path.
See [http://github.com/jayway/rest-assured/raw/master/changelog.txt change log] for more details